## Tasks
- [x] Review Session tracked prospect in hubspot, check for anything seems wrong. ✅ 2026-07-01
- [x] Check the shalini response in gmail. - No reply Received ✅ 2026-07-01
- [x] Create a Sheet to justify the Which columns are not available via the APIs for the tableau sheets. ✅ 2026-07-01
- [x] Create a reply for the slack to ask for the CTM isn't getting the visitor journey in CTM. ✅ 2026-07-01
- [ ] Complete the website session tracking, verify every scenario, Fix if anything breaking in the UI and Ask hemant to fix the issues if anything wrong from Backend. 🔺 📅 2026-07-01 
- [x] Create a plan for Outcome measure execution, to Store the Evaluation dates of the evaluation forms from KIPU and send the next outcome measure from that last evaluation date. ✅ 2026-07-01
- [x] Create a plan for Merge the Filters in the visitor journey, test the Scenarios and live if everything seems fine. ✅ 2026-07-01
- [ ] Create a Plan for Upload the generated CSVs files into the google sheets.

## Queries
- [x] One of the prospect is from CTM is from website, but there isn't have any visitor details in CTM, In hubspot it's tracked under organic search / Google My Business as primary and secondary source. ✅ 2026-07-01
      Record URL: https://app-na2.hubspot.com/contacts/243372821/record/0-1/511722205903
- [x] One of the contact is created from Call tracking Forms, No primary Secondary source set, not CTM Tracking available, no website tracking available ✅ 2026-07-01
      Record URL: https://app-na2.hubspot.com/contacts/243372821/record/0-1/511925792504
- [x] 2 of the records are not having CTM visitor data, but there Primary and secondary sources are correct. ✅ 2026-07-01
      Record URL
      https://app-na2.hubspot.com/contacts/243372821/record/0-1/512061540029
      https://app-na2.hubspot.com/contacts/243372821/record/0-1/511984283336
- [x] 4 Records are created by Arjay and 1 record by Bo manually via CRM UI. ✅ 2026-07-01
- [x] Ask for Tableau reports for Missing column and Ask for next plan. ✅ 2026-07-01
- [ ] 

## Notes
1. Check pending Custom Objects Limits in Nuview.
2. Website tracking - Check everything working perfectly.
3. Complete filters for website tracking
4. Outcome measure, can we check the KIPU API's last evaluation date and send the Outcome measure from that date.
5. Upload the Generated CSV data into the google sheets via Laravel App Job.
6. Share a plan to execute the Website tracking session, Visitor Tracking Filter, 

Ask for Hemant
- [x] Scroll events are not being tracked properly, ✅ 2026-07-01
      I've open the page directly, Scrolled a little, and click on a card.
      On that page I've scrolled a little about 25%, but don't clicked somewhere.
      Not getting the scrolled 25% event.
      6b2de1f8-241c-4879-b8a7-d3f8a686ea77
- [x] Does Refreshing counts this as a new page visit and shows it into the separate session ? ✅ 2026-07-01
      I clear the cookies and refreshes the page
      I scroll the page and refresh the page
      39e9f422-1976-4e06-8cdc-ed8f8933520d
- [x] Blog endpoint isn't working ✅ 2026-07-01
- [x] After few actions on the website, the site is sending 502 Bad gateway on few of the page of the website. ✅ 2026-07-01
- [ ] Multiple Session start and end events
      I never refreshed the page and try to visit 4-5 pages and found that there are several Session Start and Session end events.
- [ ] Different sessions recorded, even if notihng is change but just page change, It records session change instead of appending into the same session object.
      a7260ade-472c-4ce0-ae2d-57f155c12058
- [ ] Multiple Page engagement events even if no page / tab or window change with different engagement_time_ms time.
      a7260ade-472c-4ce0-ae2d-57f155c12058
- [ ] 

## EOD
1. Review the today;s prospects and check the visitor tracking and check the records are having correct tracking from the website.
2. Verify the primary and secondary traffic source of the prospects and verify they are correct or not.
3. Check the Prospect records from CTM and check for there missing visitor details in CTM.
4. Tested the session tracking functionality on the website and test with the different scenarios to ensure everything is working.
5. Assign the issues to the hemant to check and resolve them.
6. Create a execution plan to connect tableau with the google sheets.