## Tasks
- [x] Check Hubspot Contacts. ✅ 2026-07-16
- [x] Check the records which are being created by the salesmsg integration and Create a Message why primary and secondary sources are not being set. ✅ 2026-07-16
- [x] Create 2 Voice AI Agents separate for DFR and Bridges in the Live DFR CTM Account with there corresponding Prompt. ✅ 2026-07-16
- [x] Complete the Outcome measure report in tableau. ✅ 2026-07-16
- [x] Enable review reminder email. ✅ 2026-07-16
- [x] Live the Daniel workflow for consolidated email and remove node from existing workflow to send email to danial. ✅ 2026-07-16
- [x] Create reply for both emails sent by divina. ✅ 2026-07-16
## Notes
##### Hemant issues
1. Unnecessary session start event.
   60026345-5117-4f50-9517-85eb3a290ee3

2. Create message for caroline for review reminder, Ask if there any questions from your side.
# Queries
1. Follow-up for the CTM nuview voice AI agent for call transfer.

## EOD
1. Review the Today's  task and queries (09:42 - 09:54)
2. Review the Hubspot prospect for verify website tracking and primary and secondary sources. (09:55 - 10:50)
   - Review the Prospects for website session tracking
   - Review the prospects which are made by salesmsg and not having primary secondary sources and find the root cause
   - Review the primary secondary sources for all the prospects
1. Started working on outcome measure report in tableau (10:50 - 02:08, 02:56 - 03:29)
   - Check the calculated fields survey questions and research how to form a Pivot
   - Create a Average Rating Per Person Experience table and try to create the similar design
   - Calculate the Average of persons that recommend Nuview and create new worksheet to show total rating with count of patient.
   - Create a worksheet for ranking table showing the number of persons how much they recommend to other by there experience
   - Create a worksheet for summary of patient improved by assessment type and build a table containing 
   - Arrange all the worksheets into the dashboard similar to the actual dashboard and try to make the similar layout.
   - Check the overall list of reports and check which of them are covered in the dashboards.
   - Fix the issue of dashboard to ask for account everytime and save the auth credentials in the tableau.
1. Created 2 Voice Ai Agents in CTM for DFR and bridges and added there exact prompt into there corresponding agent. (03:32 - 04:05)
2. Meeting with sir (04:05 - 04:17)
3. Review the recipients of Review reminder notification, enable the review reminder notification and push to the production server and created reply for Divina (04:27 - 04:57) 
4. Test the Daniel workflow for consolidated, correct the Phone number wasm't included correctly and enable the workflow and remove node from existing workflow to send email to danial. (05:00 - 05:30)
5. Started working on Send Notification to Divina for Any Consent Form added into the KIPU Patient chart. (06:23 - 07:38)
6. 