## Notes

## Tasks
- [x] Make a reply for both prospects that was ✅ 2026-06-30
- [x] Check the Hemant asked that engagement time is correct and need to verify what is the issue. ✅ 2026-06-30
- [x] Review the filters code and working with the Amit. ✅ 2026-06-30
- [x] Create a reply onto the Ross P. Email for Discharge outcome patient and draft it into the Email. ✅ 2026-06-30
- [ ] Apply the changes to the main Visitor Journey card, test it and make it live.
- [x] Check the today's emails for outcome measure. ✅ 2026-06-30
- [x] Check the Mezmo logs for Discharge patient is added into the Outcome measure email. ✅ 2026-06-30 ^39f9c0
- [ ] Correct out the Tableau Report compare Command to compare the data correctly.

## Query
- [x] Ask for the prospect records which was sent yesterday - One of them is updated which wasn't correctly updated by the workflow and second was updated by BO, should we need to update that ? ✅ 2026-06-30
- [x] For [[2026-06-30#^39f9c0]] - The patient which was discharged and Get listed in the next Mandatory Outcome, The patient's discharge date was updated after the Outcome measure was processed. ✅ 2026-06-30

## EOD
1. Review the Hubspot prospect for the website Session tracking and analyze if there any error or issue in the website tracking.
2. Verified the Primary and secondary sources of the prospects and verify that they are setted correctly.
3. Check the follow-ups for the outcome measure emails and verify the issue that was mentioned in the email.
4. Analyze the mezmo logs and identify the issue of discharged patient was sent for the outcome measure and other issue of incorrect evaluation date and revert them with what actually happened.
5. Update the Logic for comparing the generated sheets and Kipu exported sheets, fix the logic to compare the columns and tested the sheets are being identical or not.
6. Adjust the date format for all the dates in the different Sheets and match it with the KIPU exported sheets.