## Tasks
- [x] Check hubspot prospects and verify the website tracking & primary and secondary source. ✅ 2026-07-07
- [x] Ask hemant if any issue persist for website tracking. ✅ 2026-07-07
- [x] Check Outcome measure emails. ✅ 2026-07-07
- [x] Check mezmo logs. ✅ 2026-07-07
- [ ] Change data sources in tableau for dashboards.
- [ ] Verify the reports are connected with the tableau live.
- [ ] Do the complete testing of all jobs to check the complete production flow.

- [ ] Work on Roadmap if got the time.
## Queries
- [x] When should we schedule the tableau report generation. ✅ 2026-07-07
      Weekly.

## Notes
1. 5 days from admission = start date in outcome.
Ask to hemant
2. Duplicate events multiple times. Noticed for multiple times.
   1c370700-d805-4a97-bf54-f858bf37874f
3. Missing Page exit.
   65fe2f24-4313-4880-a4f1-377bad67169a
4. Too many page exit, resume events.
   342ca4e9-3c2f-4e8e-bcae-b865f009e39d
5. Add filters
## EOD
1. Review the Today's hubspot prospects and check there website tracking is valid or not.
2. Review the Today's Hubspot Prospect for primary and secondary sources.
3. Ask hemant to resolve the issues of website tracking.
4. Research about how to update the data sources in the tableau workbook.
5. Troubleshoot with the tableau desktop to login there.
6. Added the filters into the Visitor journey Hubspot CRM UI card and test the filters are working correctly or not.

7. Analyze the today's outcome measure emails and compare them with the KIPU evaluation to verify the dates are correct or not.
8. Verify the date from the shalini's shared care team schedules spreadsheet and compare the date.