KIPU
	- Issues found & queries
		1. Original traffic source is setting late.
		2. Should we split the workflows of primary traffic source.
		3. What should we set call tracking form's primary source, should we use original traffic source or anything else.

This week tasks
- [ ] Pre-assessment checklist and check HubSpot is ready to use for pre-assessment.
	- Linda isn't accepted the invitation yet for the HubSpot.
	- [x] pre-assessment form is added in the hubspot. ✅ 2026-05-13
	- [x] Create a card in hubspot to show the pre-assessment ✅ 2026-05-13
- [ ] Marketing prospects segment review.
	- Can marketing contacts have the B2B referral partner contact type ?
- [ ] Create a workflow to decide the paid / organic form submission's lead is hot, cold or warm.
	- [ ] **R&D**: Is it possible to embed the Bastion GPT into HubSpot workflow to decide lead temperature.
	- [ ] Create workflow to decide lead status on form submission.
	- [ ] Create a workflow if the lead is hot. then send notification to lead owner every hour. until they engaged with patient.
	- which field should we look for to stop the recurring notifications ?
- [ ] Trigger notification to internal team when the CTM status is no answer.
	- To whom we need to send notification ? - lead owner (Bo, danial)
	- What should be the duration of notification ? - (every 1 hour)
	- Should we need to send it repetitively, If yes, then should we send it for a specific time or send until the prospect CTM status isn’t changed. 
	- Should we need to send every time the agent didn’t answer or send only for first time.
	- Should we need to send SMS or email?