## Tasks 
- [ ] Check hubspot prospects.
- [ ] Share feedback to hemant for website tracking.
- [ ] 

## Queries

## Notes
##### Hemant
1. double session start event, double click event
   4a304ded-5025-4ce6-b100-4161e63c8593
2. Double Session end event,
   27ec6f01-b31b-4c76-999f-8bd3c52498f0
3. Untracked activity, only 2 events tracked page engagement and page exit, but having a long page time spend.
   47459e86-d286-422b-9f14-08a1274d0031
4. 
### Action Plan for Pre-assessment
 - [ ] Check where the website Pre-admission form is hosted.
 - [ ] Test the website pre-admission form and check is pre-assessment is received or not. 
 - [x] Check if the form is receiving the insurance detail or not. ✅ 2026-07-22
       Insurance details are being received ~ Done
 - [ ] Modify the Pre-Assessment Admission Card and do the following
       - Rename it to Pre-Admission (website)
       - Create the different cards having the fields that are actually being captured from the website form.
 - [ ] If having insurance detail then, send an SMS to the Patient that
       Thank you for connecting with us. We have received your information and are currently verifying your insurance. We will notify you as soon as the verification is complete.
 - [x] If not Received then send an SMS to the patient that. ✅ 2026-07-22
       Thank you for connecting with us! We've received most of your information. To complete the admissions process, we just need a few additional details:
       • Insurance Provider  
       • Member ID  
       • A photo of your insurance card
       Please reply to this message with the above information at your earliest convenience. If you have any questions, we're happy to help!
 - [ ] After insurance verification completed and the , Send an SMS to Patient with the Pre-Assessment Form Link.
 - [ ] An Internal team member (Daniel And BO / Deal owner) also receives an internal hubspot notification to fill the form.
 - [ ] #Important_to_ask Should we need to create a React / Custom Laravel form for patient or internal team. So we can prevent form submission duplication.
 - [ ] #confirm_for_correction When the patient / Internal team completes the pre-assessment. Send an internal notification to the Linda with the link to custom laravel form.
       /
 - [ ] #Question Can Linda approve or reject it again if she already approved or rejected previously ?
 - [ ] #Important_to_ask Once all approvals are completed, should we need to inform the patient somehow.

### Action Plan for Pre-Assessment (Via Call)
- [ ] Create an internal hubspot pre-admission form containing all the fields inside the react form into that form.
- [ ] #confirm_for_correction  If the form isn't completed, send this form to the patient and the deal 


## EOD
1. Review the Hubspot Prospects for website tracking and check there primary and secondary sources (09:45 - 10:40, 12:00 - 12:12)
2. Team meeting (10:45 - 11:50)
3. Create an Action Plan to compile the pre-admission and pre-assessment (12:25 - 01:40)
4. 