## Tasks
- [x] Check prospects from last friday and check it's website tracking and primary secondary sources. ✅ 2026-07-13
- [x] Ask Hemant for website tracking issues. ✅ 2026-07-13
- [x] Change the email to the actual care team email and Upload the code to the production server. ✅ 2026-07-13
- [x] Update the outcome measure individual sheets Access for all care team. ✅ 2026-07-13
- [x] Create a list for Merge or discard the existing list of notifications. ✅ 2026-07-13
      1. Outcome assessment reminder for Case manager can be merged in Outcome Assessment main.
      2. Closing Outcome survey can be closed.
- [ ] Create a list of question for arjay to ask for tableau.
- [x] Add tasks into feature list. ✅ 2026-07-13
- [x] Check Outcome measure emails. ✅ 2026-07-13
- [x] Improve CTM Prompt, if someone repeats the things multiple times, then try to transfer to agent. ✅ 2026-07-13
- [x] Update the KIPU Notification sheet and add the latest notification into it. ✅ 2026-07-13

## Queries
1. Which of reports we need to copy on Tableau.
2. Any other report we need to create in tableau.
3. Evaluation Date is Editable, so Our logic isn't dependent on evaluation date, it depends on created date of evaluation date.

## Notes
#### Issues for Hemant
1. Page Engagement time is not matching with the Page time.
2. Only Page exit event logged.

#### General
4. Live The outcome measure email (add Carolina as CC in email).
5. List out all the notification which are schedule to close in KIPU (priority).
6. Merge the intake and outcome measure (Least priority).
7. Create a questions for the Arjay by analyzing the tableau reports, if we need some help from him.
8. Add tasks into features sheet.
9. Change CTM Voice AI Voice. - Either hope / Alexandra.
10. Improve CTM Prompt, if someone repeats the things multiple times, then try to transfer to agent.
11. Add pre-assessment task where we have to coordinate with the hemant.

## EOD
1. Review the hubspot prospects from last friday and check the website session tracking is working correctly or not.
2. Check the Primary and secondary sources for the hubspot prospects from last friday.
3. Ask hemant to fix the issues encountered in the website session tracking records.
4. Change the Outcome measure Job and enable it to send the emails to the care team members.
5. Deploy the outcome measure job changes to the production and check mezmo logs for ensuring everything is working or not.
6. List all the kipu running notifications and which jobs can be merged or abandon from the schedules.
7. Check the Outcome measure emails to ensure everything is working as expected.
8. Check the current CTM voice AI configuration and inserted a rule for transfer the call to real-agent when user repeats the queries.
9. 