## Tasks
- [x] Check hubspot prospects ✅ 2026-07-15
- [ ] Check the records which are being created by the salesmsg integration and Create a Message why primary and secondary sources are not being set.
- [x] Check the requirement for other evaluation forms notification and create a message containing all the questions regarding logic and frequency schedule. ✅ 2026-07-15
- [x] Check requirement for send consent form notification and create a message if need to clear logic or anything. ✅ 2026-07-15
- [x] Estimate Merge Intake notification with Outcome measure. ✅ 2026-07-15
- [x] Estimate for creating the Outcome measure dashboard in tableau. ✅ 2026-07-15
- [x] Add a property to justify that the primary and secondary source is now set from Tracking session workflow and prevent the previous workflow to execute if that workflow sets the traffic sources. ✅ 2026-07-15
- [x] Create a workflow to send the consolidated emails to Danial. ✅ 2026-07-16
## Notes
##### Issues for Hemant
1. Page exit and Page resume events are missing, total page spent time is wrong.
   b5ac4cc9-82f6-4587-b7a0-5b003e8abfda
2. 
##### Records without primary secondary sources
1. https://app-na2.hubspot.com/contacts/243372821/record/0-1/518434396886
   No primary and secondary source set
   Source - Salesmsg, integration
2. https://app-na2.hubspot.com/contacts/243372821/record/0-1/518441549524
   No primary and secondary source set
   Source - Salesmsg, integration
3. 
##### Tasks
1. Hold CTM and ask for followup with the sir.
2. Check the records which are being created by the salesmsg integration and 
3. Provide timelines for every tasks
4. DFR and bridges CTM Voice AI on live but don't assign to any queue, review arun.

##### Message for Divina - New Notification Requirement 
Hi Divina

Before starting the work, I just want to ask some few question regarding the requirement you asked.
1. Do you want any particular consent form notifications or all the consent forms.
2. Do you want a consolidated notification on a specific schedule or you want instant notification as soon as they add the consent form.
3. If you want consolidated email, can you tell me what frequency schedule should we set for this notification.
4. Can you tell me who should be the recipients for the notification and any CC for this email.

##### Questions for Scoring case manager and therapist.
1. Which evaluation forms or process tabs should we consider for sending the notification. 
2. What should be the criteria to send the notification ?
3. Should we consider only census patients, discharged patients, both or any specific criteria to consider the patient.
4. Should we need to send the consolidated emails or individual emails.
5. What should be the schedule or frequency for this notification.
6. who should receive the notification and is there any recipient included in CC. 

## Queries

## EOD
1. Review the Hubspot prospects, check there primary and secondary sources and website tracking sessions for the records. (9: 50 AM - 11:04)
2. Attend team meeting (10:03 - 10:40)
3. Review the requirement for Divina's requirement for sending the notification on new consent form added in patient's chart. (11: 08 - 11:44)
   - Find any KIPU Consent form is available in KIPU Portal.
   - decide the questions to ask from divina.
   - Estimated the timeline for the complete job and created a consolidated message.
4. Review the requirement for scoring case managers and therapists. (11: 46 - 12: 10)
   - Analyze the requirement and prepare a questionaries for requirement clarification. 
5. Estimate the Merge Intake Outcome Notification with the main Outcome notification. (12:12 - 12: 30).
6. Estimate to create the Outcome dashboard report into the tableau (12:32 - 12:48).
7. Update the Primary, secondary traffic workflow's trigger and add the property to prioritize the tracking session workflow (12:55 - 01:42)
8. Create a workflow to send the consolidated emails to Danial. (01:45 - 2:47, 3:37-3:58)
9. Attend a Team meeting (3:58- 04:38)
10. Started on tableau Outcome measure report (04: 38 - 07:55)
    - Created a new dashboard for outcome measure, setup the initial with adding logo, setting background and dashboard heading.
    - Added 4 stats card in the layout.
    - Create a new worksheet for Clinical improvement rate, review the calculation from the existing worksheet and add the similar calculated fields into the worksheet and format the text according to worksheet.
    - Create a new Worksheet for Patient Completion Rate, review the calculation from the existing worksheet and add the similar calculated fields into the worksheet and format the text according to worksheet.
    - Create a new Worksheet for Patient Readmission Rate, review the calculation from the existing worksheet and add the similar calculated fields into the worksheet and format the text according to worksheet.
    - Create a new Worksheet for Overall Satisfactory survey, review the calculation from the existing worksheet and add the similar calculated fields into the worksheet and format the text according to worksheet.
    - Create a new Worksheet for Completion Rate Per Program, review the calculation from the existing worksheet and add the similar calculated fields into the worksheet and Create a Bar chart for per program completion.
11. Complete the workflow of sending the Consolidated email to the Danial and Test the workflow by triggering the email. Adjust the email template and contact list design (07:55-08:24)