## Tasks
- [x] Check prospects from friday to taday in hubspot and check website tracking is working or not. ✅ 2026-07-06
      Multiple Page Exit events
      Some Engagement events are missing engagement time.
      No complete tracking for the patient.
- [x] Check prospects from friday to taday in hubspot and verify there primary and secondary sources. ✅ 2026-07-06
- [x] Ask hemant for any changes or issues in website tracking. ✅ 2026-07-06
- [x] Test the Outcome measure changes in local and do necessary changes if needed. ✅ 2026-07-06
- [x] prepare to deploy the outcome measure if everything seems OKay and deploy it. ✅ 2026-07-06
- [x] Check the current code structure of the tableau job and upload the tableau data into the google sheets. ✅ 2026-07-07

## Queries

## Notes
1. Create a reply for salesmsg to describe the flow how it works.
2. Check if we need to connect with Arjay for any requirement in Tableau reporting
## EOD
1. Review the hubspot prospects from friday and check the website tracking is working correctly or not.
2. Review the hubspot prospects from friday and check the primary and secondary source is set correctly.
3. Ask the hemant for the current issues found in the website tracking while analyzing the prospects.
4. Test the Outcome measure changes in the automation job and verify the output is same as expected.
5. Refactor and fix the logic for the incomplete outcome measure incase of evaluations are not added into the KIPU.
6. Push the codebase, Create the pull request into the bitbucket, review the complete list of changes and deploy the code.
7. Created a new Job to push the CSV data to the google sheets for tableau cloud.
8. Implement the logic to upload the CSV data into the google sheets by chunking the data to the google sheets limits.
9. Format the google sheets and format it as table, when the data got uploaded into the sheet.
10. Test and Fix the issues occur while uploading the data into the google sheets.