## Tasks
- [ ] Resolve and install the imagick extension.
- [ ] Post the generated image into the hubspot files API.
- [ ] Verify the flow of the Outgoing referral is working correct or not.
- [ ] Verify the Outcome measure email's with the given shalini sheet.

## Queries
- [ ] Ask to update the laravel and Mysql in the nuview project and server.
## Notes
- [ ] Send message to hemant for
	- [ ] Incorrect page engagement.
	- [ ] Correct the section names 
- [ ] Send message into slack group
	- [ ] CTM visitor details Data isn't being tracked

1. Add the outcome measure form only 1 week before.
2. If there any pending evaluations, still add into the "discharge for outcome measure"
3. Test all the outcome measure emails and verify from the shalini's sheet that it's correct or not.
4. Create a plan for the training (HTML, CSS, JS, React, node + express), try to add videos or first party reference links like MDN, Javascript.org, etc.
## EOD
1. Research and resolve the image extension issue in the local system for PHP.
2. Created a Function to convert the PDF into the jpg image.
3. Debug the issue image extension isn't able to convert the PDF into image and install the required ghostscripts.
4. Created a function to upload the created image to the outgoing referral folder in the hubspot.
5. Created a function to update the outgoing referral object and save the created outgoing referral image's public URL.
6. Test out the whole process and verify the PDF to image is being working as expected or not.
7. Figure out the issue of excessive content and layout hide some section and change the orientation for the PDF to prevent the sections to being hide in the image.
8. Update the outgoing referral UI card and added the defined limits of the characters in the inputs to prevent sections being hidden from the image.
9. Prepare the Outgoing referral data to image template job to move into the production.
10. Merge the codebase into the main branch and verify that no conflicts to resolve in the code.
11. install the required extensions(ImageMagick, ghostscript), pull the latest code and install the required dependencies in the server.
12. Verify the installation and the deployment in the server.
13. Test the Outgoing referral template generation in the production server and verify everything seems okay