## Notes

## Tasks
- [x] Check hubspot contacts for website tracking and primary secondary sources. ✅ 2026-07-08
- [x] Create a reply for shalini. ✅ 2026-07-08
- [x] Check and find video from arjay to update the data source in tableau ✅ 2026-07-08
- [ ] Update the forms starting dates for historical report in tableau.
- [ ] Change connections of data sources in tableau.
- [x] Check emails of Outcome measure. ✅ 2026-07-08
- [ ] Add tasks into feature list from group.

## Queries
 - [x] Should we need to change the intake patient job and update that for that current logic. ✅ 2026-07-08
   No need to change the logic.

## EOD
1. Review the Today's hubspot prospect and check the website session tracking is tracked correctly.
2. Review the Today's hubspot prospect and check the primary and secondary traffic source are setted correctly.
3. Ask Hemant for the follow-up and ask him to solve the new issues pointed.

4. Updated the Outcome measure starting date logic from 48 hours to 5 business days.
5. Tested the starting date calculation is being calculated correctly.
6. Deploy the outcome measure changes into the production server.
7. Watch the documented videos for how to generate and upload the CSV files in the tableau cloud and update the dashboards.
8. Research and find the way to connect the google sheets with the tableau with existing dashboards and workbooks.
9. Try to upload the existing CSV files to check whether the tableau accepting the new files or not.
10. Try to upload the CSV files via tableau APIs and check whether the tableau support file upload via this way.

11. Review the Newsletter template from the canva and analyze the design.
12. Create the design and similar to the provided canva design.
13. Tested the created email newsletter design and check the design is responsive.