## Tasks 
- [x] Check HubSpot prospects. ✅ 2026-07-14
- [ ] Merge Intake notification with Outcome measure.
- [x] Discard Closing survey notification. ✅ 2026-07-14
- [x] Add a property to justify that the primary and secondary source is now set from Tracking session workflow and prevent the previous workflow to execute if that workflow sets the traffic sources. ✅ 2026-07-16
- [x] Check the Dwight Selma prospect for wrong primary and secondary issue. ✅ 2026-07-14
      Found why the Original traffic source was set to paid search
- [x] Check is it possible to send tracking session ID via HubSpot chat flows. ✅ 2026-07-14
      Not possible as the contact is formed manually when Inbox admin do it via UI.
- [x] Create a workflow to send the consolidated emails to Danial. ✅ 2026-07-16
- [x] Create a new queue in CTM if no agent is Available, then IVR will said no agent is available, disconnecting you now. ✅ 2026-07-14
- [x] Check and Disable the Other Outcome notification if any of them exists. ✅ 2026-07-14
- [x] Add the new Requirement for notification into the Features sheet, Check requirement and create a message if need to clear logic or anything. ✅ 2026-07-14
      Requirement pending.
- [x] Check the requirement for other evaluation forms notification and create a message containing all the questions regarding logic and frequency schedule. ✅ 2026-07-16
- [x] List out the reports that we can build for the patient progression and program progression. ✅ 2026-07-16

## Queries
1. Which of reports we need to copy on Tableau.
2. Any other report we need to create in tableau.

## Notes
##### Issues for Hemant
1. Page Engagement Doesn't match with total page spent time.
   44b5feb4-c8d9-49bb-83a0-6b058cc0d725
2. Multiple Events for CTA Click events and validation error.
   44b5feb4-c8d9-49bb-83a0-6b058cc0d725
3. Multiple Validation Errors 
   34892525-f97e-4ae8-92ff-c25bb591d006
4. unnecessary session start event.
   eb41243d-3f14-4a84-823d-9429f52618c8
5. Engagement time is missing 
   34892525-f97e-4ae8-92ff-c25bb591d006
##### Prospect review issues
1. No primary and secondary Source set for following prospect.
   https://app-na2.hubspot.com/contacts/243372821/record/0-1/517939764960
   https://app-na2.hubspot.com/contacts/243372821/record/0-1/517963647714
   https://app-na2.hubspot.com/contacts/243372821/record/0-1/517923483377
   https://app-na2.hubspot.com/contacts/243372821/record/0-1/517957988033
   https://app-na2.hubspot.com/contacts/243372821/record/0-1/517925910219
   https://app-na2.hubspot.com/contacts/243372821/record/0-1/516995344065
2. Record is empty
   https://app-na2.hubspot.com/contacts/243372821/record/0-1/517945489094
   
##### Tasks
1. Check for duplicate notification and close one of them from Outcome measure.
2. New Notification requirement check.
3. Create a questions for other forms notification and Ask the frequency, logic for that.
4. Create reports for Patient progression and Program based progression in tableau.
5. Priorities the Tracking workflow to set primary and secondary source and add property to exclude the older workflow.
6. Check the Dwight Selma prospect for wrong primary and secondary issue.
7. Check is this possible to send anything via chat bot.
8. Consolidates email workflow for Daniel.
9. Check CTM for Voice AI to Correct out the queue handling.
10. Create a new queue - if no agent available then send to another queue which tells no agent available and disconnects the call.

## EOD
