## Tasks

## EOD
1. Review the today's prospects in the hubspot and check there website tracking session.
2. Figure out the issues in the prospect regarding session tracking and ask hemant to fix that issues.
3. Check the KIPU APIs and verify the API returns the evaluation date in the response.
4. Decide the overall structure for the automation job and figure out logics which are connected with that logic and understand what will be changed.
5. Create a new job by forking the existing branch and adding a postfix V2 on it.
6. implement a function to get all the evaluations from the KIPU, sort them by date and group them by evaluation ID.
7. implement a function to determine the next Evaluation date from the last evaluation sent and fallback to initial logic for next evaluation date.

## Notes
Issues from Website tracking to ask for hemant
1. Ignore Hash routes, Considering hash routes makes a new page visit, but the page isn't changed actually
   5b3a4c2e-948f-43bf-a88a-e1053d3f548
2. Form View / Form Started events are missing sometimes, 
   5b3a4c2e-948f-43bf-a88a-e1053d3f5486
3. Page Engagement Time doesn't matches with the overall total page time spent 
   7bdc18b7-a2cf-4b2e-aca2-d21d3adcd641
4. Tracking isn't completed properly, at the last page visit no page exit, engagement or session end events tracked
   ae03798a-5786-46e6-94ee-b4ee68b74082
   45d37650-447c-4123-97a1-05c508c80fdf
   fc802e03-8d68-4c53-87f3-6f98ce6757a9
5. Also Can you make sure the session tracking supports the cross domain, because a prospect actually submitted 2 different forms from nuviewtreatment.com and then from help.nuviewtreatment.com. and that prospect got 2 different tracking session IDs.

## Queries
Issues that will be 