## Tasks
- [ ] Update the outgoing referral form and adjust UI according to the given PDF.
- [ ] Submit and test the values are being mapped correctly into the outgoing referral object
## Queries
- [ ] Ask to update the laravel and Mysql in the nuview project and server.
## Notes
- [ ] Outgoing referral send image to salesmsg via webhook

## EOD
1. Fix the issue of too many execution in Tableau CSV Report generation job. 
2. Analyze the layout of the outgoing referral form from the given PDF.
3. Adjust and make a layout with temp field and try to archive the layout provided in the PDF in Outgoing referral custom UI extension Card.
4. Add the code to fetch the dropdown and checkbox fields dynamically from hubspot property options and map it to the form.
5. Wire the actual properties into the form and map the fields into the submission API to send the fields into the outgoing referral custom object.
6. Create a new endpoint to receive the Outgoing referral creation, dispatch a job in it if the request contains a object ID, return the success response or send the failure response if ID request not contains the Object ID or any error occur.
7. Research about different ways to Creating an image for the outgoing referral from the submitted data into the form and decide to create PDF first and then converting PDF into Image way, 
8. Debug the dependencies and vendor miss-matching issue and added the required dependencies for creating an image from the given data.
9. Created a automation job to get the outgoing referral object from the given object ID and prepare the data for the PDF.
10. Design a PDF template for the PDF and try to archive the design as provided into the Outgoing referral PDF.
11. Test the PDF and verify the overall layout is correct when the data changes or any field isn't available