## Notes

## Tasks
- [x] Check slack for updates. ✅ 2026-07-03
- [x] check today's hubspot prospects and check website trackings, primary and secondary sources. ✅ 2026-07-03
- [x] Ask hemant if any issues persist in tracking. ✅ 2026-07-03
- [x] Check the prospect traffic source isn't correct which is shared in the group ✅ 2026-07-03
- [ ] Estimate the time estimates for Outcome measure changes and tableau report syncing.
- [ ] Complete the logic for Outcome measure 

## EOD
1. Review the today's hubspot prospects and check there Primary and secondary source is set correctly.
2. Review the today's hubspot prospects and check there website session tracking is tracked correctly or not.
3. Asked hemant for the website tracking issues and asked him to ressolve them.
4. Introduced a new Outcome notification activity table to save the evaluation wise sent date.
5. Implement the migration and model for the outcome notification activity table in the App.
6. Implement the Outcome notification activity in the new Outcome measure notification job.
7. Refine the logic to process the every evaluation form individually to determine it's date and decide whether to send the notification or not.
8. Test the Outcome notification job to check whether the schedules are correct or not.

## Queries
Ask for Hemant
1. Hash route issue is still in help.nuviewtreatment.com.
2. Page engagement doesn't matches with the actual page time spent.
Major Issues
3. Session changing on different pages unnecessary times.
4. UTM parameters are being lost and re-added in multiple session, it should remain same for a single session.
5. Some session pages single events, page_view or page_resume without page_exit, page_engagement time.
6. Page Duration isn't match with the page engagement time.
7. Scroll before page_engagement or page_view.

